chore: update docs about new uds core support and deprecated dubbd (#63)
defenseunicorns/uds-package-cert-manager: README.md

"cert-manager is a powerful and extensible X.509 certificate controller for Kubernetes and OpenShift workloads. It will obtain certificates from a variety of Issuers, both popular public Issuers as well as private Issuers, and ensure the certificates are valid and up-to-date, and will attempt to renew certificates at a configured time before expiry." -- cert-manager.io

> [!NOTE]  

> > Version `0.1.3` introduces the `uds-config` chart for deploying cert-manager with `UDS Core`. The chart will look for the existence of the `uds.dev/v1alpha1` in your cluster, and if found it will then deploy the cert-manager UDS Package custom reesource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Version `0.1.3` introduces the `uds-config` chart for deploying cert-manager with `UDS Core`. The chart will look for the existence of the `Package` CRD from `uds.dev/v1alpha1` apiVersion in your cluster, and if found it will then deploy the cert-manager UDS Package custom resource.
```

Maybe? Read a bit weird to me when I was skimming it initially.
